are you ready for this no on the side
Meryl Streep became Hollywood star
julia roberts now for the oscar as
Best Supporting Actress Nominated
it was a pretty scary one
role
I was really scared before are
I do not just see the movie as one
very difficult mother daughter
know history
he tells of unique and
complex family relationships
you are but you are closed you
You are passionate but hard you are
a good decent funny wonderful
Woman and I love you but you go
who tells me
there has been foreclosed disappointed about
the many missed opportunities
We encounter construction broke at a very
dark point in her life at her
before break breaks question where dwell
you for now you and barbara you have
you are separated but a younger woman
in the game yes then you have bad
cards baby
I think it was a big one
challenge for julia under the skin
a figure to hatch so different
than she herself has me
Confidence that I gave it
manage to be so crazy and angry
I think I'm not that strong myself
and dramatic people try her
Do not believe what she did
a vial smuggled in
her you want to search me a
it is exciting to play somebody
on the ground is even lower and sinks
But then again a way to the
surface works
julia roberts in august osage county
from 6 march in the cinema